What did I tell you, idiot?!
It's because you're way too old for this!
Oww…
Thanks, Kazekage!
An Eye of Sand…
So he used that to keep an eye on Ohnoki all this time!
When he got the Giant Clam,
he switched out with a Sand Clone, eh?
Oww…
This one's gonna be big…
And he doesn't have eyebrows.
Okay! We got him!
No, it didn't work!
The slime is making the Sand not stick together!
This is bad! I'm starting to enjoy this fight!
Grand Sand Mausoleum!
Now! Throw every Sealing Tag you've got!
There's no way his slime can keep up with this much Sand.
Attach the Sealing Chains!
SEAL
Good! We have this one!
Wha—?!
Th-This can't be…!
What the hell is that?!
Is it another genjutsu?
Is it a genjutsu?
No… It's not a genjutsu!
That gave my predecessor Lord Mu some trouble!
It's the Infinite Explosion Ninjutsu of the Mizukage!
The Steam Imp!
Terror: The Steam Imp
Hail?
Air forced upwards by the steam explosion gets cooled
in the upper atmosphere and turns into hail!
It shrank!
What's this?
He's a clone made from oil and water
taken from inside the Mizukage's body.
WATER OIL The exterior surface of its child-like form is composed of oil,
WATER OIL while its interior is just water.
WATER OIL Its special feature is that it can both heat up and cool down easily.
When it moves around,
STEAM OIL WATER the oil on its surface heats up precipitously,
STEAM OIL WATER causing rapid vaporization of the water inside,
resulting in an explosion of steam!
And when the hail cools it,
it shrinks back down to its original size and it is ready to explode again.
It's coming!
He's faster than I expected!
Are you all right?!
Damn it! This clone's a wily one!
The real one should be around here somewhere!
Don't bother with the clone. Look for the original!
Another feature of this jutsu is that
it greatly weakens the caster while they are using it!
That brat, Ohnoki, sure knows a lot!
Mu must've told him.
If it's not a Mirage Genjutsu, and he can't make himself disappear…
I should be able to sense him.
The original is behind that rock!
Damn, my back! Of all times for it to go out!
Oww…
Oh! Found me?
Before the hail stops…
I will seal you!
What's going on with him?
He's getting bigger and bigger!
It's like Lord Tsuchikage said.
The more it moves,
the faster the water heats up and vaporizes.
The hail has stopped too.
There's going to be another explosion of steam soon!
We've trapped the original!
SEAL
Hey!
Damn!
Whoa…
This is a perfect hiding place!
I was once one of the Five Kage too.
As long as I have my oil, your Sand is useless.
Unless, of course, you seal me real fast.
Seems like it!
Now!
How are you going to take me down?!
I was hoping you'd tell us.
I'm done doing that.
Sorry.
You were cooperative until just now! What happened?
Have you decided to side with the enemy?
You're wrong.
I am a former Kage, after all.
I am helping you out… just in a different way.
Which is what exactly?
If you can't win against me using all of your abilities,
that means you're less than dead old me, you fool!
How are you gonna win against the enemy boss like that?!
I think he's about to explode!
Retreat!
Just when I thought I'd found the Golden Child of the Five Kage…
Kazekage! You're just an ordinary kid, after all!
Over there!
Hold on! I'm coming!
This is…the Sand Shield?!
Lord Kazekage protected us!
But where's Lord Gaara?!
You protected everyone and attacked at the same time,
knowing full well you'd sustain damage!
Unless you stop this guy,
the same thing is going to keep happening!
The hail has stopped… Let's see what you've got!
You mistimed getting your shield up because of its sudden expansion!
Another Sand Clone?
That's within expectations…
I knew it. The real one was hiding below!
What're you going to do? It's going to explode again!
You'll never catch him with the speed of your Sand.
What're you… Huh?
What's happening?
Did he increase the speed of his Sand?
Either way… Ka-boom!
More smoke!
They've got to be there!
It stopped moving!
Is that…?
Gold!
Did he mix that Gold Dust his father left behind
and do something to it?
I hid Gold Dust in that Sand Clone earlier.
I took advantage of that thing's heat
to melt the gold and bond it to him.
Gold is about 20 times heavier than water.
Which is why its movements have slowed down.
That's why it was so easy to trap it with the Sand!
Still, why didn't it explode?
Sand mixed with the hail was more than enough to cool him down.
Gold also has good conductivity, which helped chill its steam.
Well played. Truly befitting a current Kage!
I'm impressed that you came up with such a strategy!
Wait a minute…
You really are…
the Golden Child, after all!
I never expected to be at such a disadvantage.
Still, I'm glad that clone was sealed before he could say too much.
Given Naruto and his power…
Even if it's a Reanimated body, it will take some time to regenerate.
How naïve, Ohnoki… You were my student.
How could you miss that I had fragmented myself?
This is…
a violently rotating… Rasengan!
Earth Style! Boulder Jutsu!
Be careful, I'm…
All right!
SEAL SEAL As I thought, I can't get this tag off.
It's an impressive Sealing Jutsu.
If I remember correctly,
Mu's jutsu is not cloning, but fission.
Because the real body simply splits into two,
he doesn't need to make signs and it's faster.
However, his power is halved.
Summoning him will take time in this one's weakened state.
I must buy time with another tactic…
Are you all right, Gaara?!
What about you?
We sealed the Raikage!
I saw an explosion,
so I rushed here ahead of Temari and the others.
I see!
I'm almost done here too.
So, where's your enemy?
Hey, so you have a friend!
Huh?
W-What is this guy?!
Man, what a weird body!
No, that's my jutsu.
Kazekage… Unlike you, he seems like an idiot!
You make a good pair.
Really?
It's been a while since I had this much fun!
SEAL
Relay our current battle status to HQ!
Yes, sir!
You fought well against the former Kage, everyone!
Victory is ours for this battle!
All right!
Extract the injured and transport them to the Medical Corps!
Those who can still fight will stand by for orders from HQ!
Lord Tsuchikage, you should go to the Medical Corps, too.
I'm fine now.
Owww… Don't overdo it, old man.
Don't treat me like an old man!
I can still take you young ones on—
Okay, come on.
Let us take you to the Medical Corps.
Fool! Let me go!
I can walk on my own!
You should just admit that you're old.
How dare you! I am the Tsuchikage!
Yes, I heard that yesterday too.
Lord Gaara, please come by later.
Let go, I said! Didn't you hear me?
We're going this way!
Owww!
Please stop moving around! We're going.
Naruto, you're a clone, right?
Yeah… Then where's your original now?
We are not taking in any more patients.
We just received orders
to focus on the wounded we have here already.
But they keep bringing in wounded from the battlefront.
There's no way for us to distinguish
who is an ally and who is the enemy in disguise.
But that's…
Even our chakra is being copied perfectly.
I might as well just consider everyone besides me the enemy.
Man, what a drag!
But we have to figure something out.
Where did they hide the Bashosen anyway?
It would be so handy!
Any sign of the White Zetsu?
No. But he could be disguised as anyone.
Please be careful, Lady Hinata.
Yes… You as well, Neji.
It still blurs…
The Sealing Corps just reported in.
They failed to seal Pakura and Gari.
I see…
Two remain from the Seven Ninja Swordsmen…
Fuguki Suikazan and Mangetsu Hozuki.
Everyone, wait for me!
We get to play with you again!
We aren't just simple Reanimations, you know.
Our Curse Mark's power has been intensified
to a level more than when we were alive!
You strategy-loving idiot!
Tayuya, girls should speak properly.
Shut up, fatso!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Ghosts from the Past"
It's game over for you!
GHOSTS FROM THE PAST Tune in again!